[global]
monitor = 0
follow = mouse
geometry = "280x50-0+25"
indicate_hidden = yes
shrink = no
separator_height = 4
separator_color = auto
padding = 10
horizontal_padding = 10
frame_width = 1
sort = no
idle_threshold = 120
font = Inter 12
line_height = 2
markup = full
format = %s\n%b
alignment = left
show_age_threshold = 60
word_wrap = yes
ignore_newline = no
stack_duplicates = false
hide_duplicate_count = yes
show_indicators = no
icon_position = left
max_icon_size = 48
sticky_history = yes
history_length = 20
browser = x-www-browser -new-tab
always_run_script = true
title = Dunst
class = Dunst

[shortcuts]
close = ctrl+shift+space
close_all = ctrl+shift+space
context = ctrl+shift+period

[urgency_low]
timeout = 3
background = "#1c1e26" 
foreground = "#eeeeee"
frame_color = "#59e3e3"

[urgency_normal]
timeout = 5
background = "#1c1e26"
foreground = "#eeeeee"
frame_color = "#29d398"

[urgency_critical]
timeout = 0
background = "#e95678"
foreground = "#eeeeee"
frame_color = "#e95678"
